my Johnny
well I stopped a little place here
called B&B charbroiler
it's right here by the provincial
capital right here by the fountain the
main fountain and they make a burn
burger called a black burger so a friend
of mine referred me to to them they're
right here behind her and they said to
eat them these people working in their
house and they had their business in the
house but they set up to here so we got
looks like three or four of them working
on my burger there's a cheeseburger in
the fryer I have to get a picture of it
looks like we've got somebody another
tourist here
I'll try to get you a picture where's my
burger burger they color the black
burger but I think it's burnt it's
actually the bread it's not burnt it
just looks burnt and these are my new
companions say wave hi to everybody come
on show them how pretty you are
okay he wants everybody to let him know
if he's pretty and of course we do but
I'm gonna dig into my burger here and
see you on three set up no umbrella
okay I just just had the burger at the
B&B char burger what's your phone number
okay I'll try to get it but the fit the
burger was absolutely delicious though
to me was high-quality and the bread was
different color but it was great and and
all the goodies on it the food was good
y'all y'all get my call and we'll do our
own delivery